# ﻿How to run the application
The JAR files and all the other files needed to run the application can be found inside the directory Sagrada_executable_LM18 and its subdirectories. More precisely the directory Sagrada_executable_LM18/ contains the executable files .sh and .bat that start the JARs.
The actual JARs are located in the directory Sagrada_executable_LM18/Sagrada_LM18/, along with the directories resources/ (which contains the images and xml files relative to the game cards and windows), logFile/ (which contains the logs generated by the server at runtime) and the manifest directory.
Please note that although the game can be played both on GUI and CMD, there is just one JAR file for the client. To choose the UI to play with just start the client from the corresponding .sh or .bat file.

# Parameters
The network settings, as well as the game ones,  are parametrized and loaded by the client and the server at boot time. All the information is stored in the following files:
- client_settings.xml and server_settings.xml store network information such as the server hostname and the ports to which establish the connection;
- game_settings.xml stores information about the game, such as the maximum number of players in a match (max_players), the minimum legal number of players to start a match (threshold_players) and the duration of the main phases of the game: the threshold time the server waits for new clients to join a match before starting it (threshold_time_laps), the set up time each connected client has to log in and choose the window to play with (set_up_time_laps) and the duration of the turn (turn_time_laps). All these values are expressed in seconds.
Two more parameters are stored in this file: ping_time_laps (expressed in milliseconds) represents the time the server waits for a ping response from the client (before marking the client as unreachable), and server_status_time_laps (expressed in seconds) which is the time elapsing from consecutive checks of the network status performed by the client.
All the above files can be found inside the resources directory.

# Additional feature
Besides all the features listed in the requirements, our team decided to implement the multiple match feature.
When a client connects to the server it is immediately redirected to a match (an existing one or a new one): clients are redirected to the same match until the number of client reaches the MAXGIOC number and/or until the match starts (if the threshold number of players is reached, and no one else connects to the client before the timer expires, the match starts and no other clients are allowed to enter this match). If a new client connects to the server and none of the existing matches accept new players, a new match is created.
In case of disconnection, if the disconnected client tries to reconnect to the server, it is redirected to the match he/she was playing in (if the game is not ended. If the game has ended the client is redirected to a new match).

# Claimed model code coverage
The code coverage <i>of the model</i> of the project (measured with JUnit5) reached by the tests is as follows:
100% of classes covered, 87% of the method covered and 86% of the lines covered.

The coverage of the whole project is instead 43% of the classes and 23% of the lines. The reason is that our tests are written just to test the model.